Track 10.09
Jack: Hi, Mum.
Mum: Hello, Jack.
Is Dad home yet?
Jack: No, there’s no one here except me.
Dad phoned from his office
half an hour ago.
There’s a problem so he’s working late.
Mum: What are you doing?
I can hear music.
Are you watching TV?
Jack: No, I’m listening to music and getting ready to go out to the cinema.
Mum: And where’s Melinda?
Jack: She’s at the sports centre with some of her friends.
I think they’re playing tennis.
What about you?
Mum: I’m at the station with your brother.
We’re waiting for the train,
but there’s a problem.
Jack: What do you mean?
Mum: Well, the train is late and it’s starting to snow now.
Jack: Oh, no!
Mum: Tim isn’t very happy.
He’s only wearing his jeans and a jumper.
He didn’t want to put his coat on
when we left the house.
Jack: Can I talk to him?
Mum: Not now.
He’s in the café.
He’s buying some hot drinks for us.
Jack: Oh, right.
Mum: Oh, I’ve got to go! The train is arriving.
There are lots of people here on the
platform and it’s going to be
difficult to get a seat.
Tim! Tim! Hurry up!